# Conquering-Responsive-Layouts-by-Kevin-Powell-21-Days-Challenge-
Day 1 Challenge 1: Learnt that html is responsive even without css, may not be the best looking but it is responsive and it is the css that we write that in turn causes issues with our web page being responsive. Never use fixed height and widths as it will force the content to overflow on certain screen sizes. It is best to use width percentages and resist having certain defined width for content containers

Day 2 No Challenge: Learnt about em & rem units. Both em and rem scale with respect to font-size but both are a lot different other than this one thing, em scales according to element's font-size if not specified then it's parent's font-size, if the parent element's font-size is also not set then it scales according to the root font-size while rem on the other hand only scales according to the root font-size (One thing to remember about em is it's font-size always depends on the parent element while used anywhere else it depends on the font-size of the current element). Using rem to things where we want them to be consistent like margins. font-sizes, etc and use em units where we want to scale things respective to the font-size of the element like for btns and paddings for certain sections. Avoid using ems for font-sizes, instead it can be used for btn padding.

Day 3 Challenge 2: Learnt about max-width property and to use it in place of min-width as min-width kind of to a certain extend means setting up a width. max-width is beneficial in scenarios like text paragraphs where we can set the max-width for how much the para text spans in on the window for higher width displays. It's a good UI practice to limit the width of text paragraphs from occupying the entire with of window on higher width windows as it gets progresively hard to read that. The challenge was basically limiting the stretch of the intro-content para and aligning all the text content to center.
